And the last section of going to be creating is going to be this simple footer section right.
So go to our page here now or here all the way in the bottom.
To this is going to be we're here to say this is going to be a father right or he'll going to write
our rules right.
So when he's going to say this is going to be for his we don't need to have any kind of there anymore
or ideas or anything like that.
He's going to say over here this is going to be for text and not like this.
And within a foot or text we're going to have a heading three with or here a copyright copyright and
we're going to have a copy of this copy.
Not song or Kong copy here.
And then we're going to have a 2017 then we're going to have a dot or you're going to write All rights
reserved and then we're going to have DAB over here and then we're going to have another day with a
full icons site.
So for text this is going to be for icons here and with all that right over here this is going to be
a link.
And this is going to also going to have a Atra like this is going to be hash tag here we're going to
say this is going to be I far far off Facebook on Facebook.
We're here doing this and they're all going to press.
And then we're going to copy this three times.
Right so we're going to select one two three.
And this is going to be Google Plus Google Plus.
And this is going to be Instagram Instagram.
And then this is going to be Twitter.
It's all going back over here.
Twitter.
All right.
So now that we have this we are going to go to Maine see assess and starts dialing.
All right here for the footer.
We're going to have one two three five rolls all right all the way I'm going on here in the bottom you
just create more space.
Can you say.
This is going to be for footer over here and we're going to say this is going to be forever and then
we're going to have a background color and the back on is going to be hash tag 1 9 and 1 7 1 6 1 7 1
6 and what are going to have padding is going to be 20 pixels.
All right.
And then we're going to have this play and flex.
And then we're going to have a flex rap rap here rap.
I going to say Rob we're going to have a justified content space between this and then we're going to
have a line item space line.
Right.
So line items.
Baseline right.
Obviously we cannot see anything right now because this is a really small screen.
Right.
But as we go to the bigger one you can see that everything is working all right.
So we're going to we're going to have to create some more space then we're going to have a fuller text.
Right so we're here going to say for when you say text and this is going to be text transform text transform
and or here we're going to say this is going to be uppercase and we're here we're going to write this
is going to be font size and this is going to be 15 pixels then we're going to have a color and the
color is actually going to be the zero g and to d be right on here then we have a margin bottom margin
lower than pixels.
Then once we have this we're going to go to the footer icons for icons on here like this and we're going
to say font size and this is going to be 30 pixels right 30 pixels.
Right.
And we're going to have fewer icons if they are for icons.
Hey And we're going to say this is going to be margin right.
And this is going to be 10 pixels.
Then we're going to have a color and the colors are going to great e zero e.
Right.
And then we're going to have to d do the B and then over here we're going to say transition is going
to be transform transition.
Transform right.
Once we have that we're going to say two seconds and then we're going to have a actual hover effect
right.
So let's grab this guy or grab this guy up here this one and copy and paste and we're going to say over
here and what we're going to say.
And this is going to be color and the collagen can be hash tag it's going to be 0.
I'm sorry 6.
He is going to be to e.
He really like this.
And then we're going to say transform and we should be pretty familiar with this translate we're going
to say that this is going to be translated why negative 15 pixels like this.
And once we say this we can go back over here to the web agency.
All right refresher here.
Refresh one more time.
And now we can have our footer right.
And Aurukun we're here you can see that something went wrong with the colors.
Right.
So if we go back over here we would just need to check it out.
Where where was the mistake right.
Because we have four foot icons we have over here.
But it's not actually changing color or here this is a caption side right.
So obviously we want a color to color.
Now we're saying this now it should work.
Right.
So you go back over here you can see that the icon is actually going to be going up and then going down.
And this is going to be it for this project.
Guys I hope you guys enjoyed it and I hope you guys are going to join me for my next project.